About KEM Key Reuse (#215)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-hpke: draft-irtf-cfrg-hpke.md

as described in {{?RFC7748}}. In particular, recipients MUST check whether
the Diffie-Hellman shared secret is the all-zero value and abort if so.

### KEM Key Reuse

An `ikm` input to `DeriveKeyPair()` ({{derive-key-pair}}) MUST NOT be
reused elsewhere, in particular not with `DeriveKeyPair()` of a
different KEM.

The randomness used in `Encap()` and `AuthEncap()` to generate the

> KEM shared secret and/or its encapsulation MUST NOT be reused elsewhere.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KEM shared secret or its encapsulation MUST NOT be reused elsewhere.
```

> A sender or recipient KEM key pair works with all modes, it could thus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a sender or recipient KEM key pair works with all modes, it can
```

be used with multiple modes in parallel. HPKE is constructed to be
secure in such settings due to domain separation using the `suite_id`
variable. However, there is no formal proof of security at the time of

> writing -- {{HPKEAnalysis}} and {{ABHKLR20}} only analyze isolated modes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
writing; {{HPKEAnalysis}} and {{ABHKLR20}} only analyze isolated modes.
```
